Add public-facing lay summary for K8TRE (#156)
k8tre/k8tre: docs/lay-summary.md

- Costs remain predictable and manageable

### Community-Driven Development
K8TRE is developed by a community of organisations working together. Any organisation can:

- Contribute improvements and new features
- Share their expertise and innovations
- Benefit from others' contributions
- Help shape the future of secure research environments

This collaborative approach means the system improves faster and benefits from diverse perspectives.

### Reliable and Proven Technology
By building on Kubernetes - a technology trusted by major companies worldwide - K8TRE inherits years of development, security improvements, and reliability enhancements. This means researchers get a stable, well-tested platform for their important work.

## Who Benefits?

K8TRE helps several groups:

- **Researchers** get secure access to important data and modern analysis tools
- **Data custodians** can trust that sensitive information remains protected
- **Citizens** benefit from research that can improve health and public services while knowing their privacy is respected
- **Research organisations** can collaborate more easily and control costs

## Accountability and Oversight

> K8TRE is being developed as part of [DARE-UK](https://dareuk.org.uk/) (Data and Analytics Research Environments UK), a national initiative to improve how health and administrative data can be used responsibly for research. The project involves multiple organisations working together under clear governance structures, ensuring transparency and accountability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
K8TRE is being developed as part of [DARE-UK's ](https://dareuk.org.uk/), [TREvolution](https://dareuk.org.uk/trevolution/) program, a national initiative to improve how health and administrative data can be used responsibly for research. The project involves multiple organisations working together under clear governance structures, ensuring transparency and accountability.
```
